50 years ago the surgery was
practically the only way to fight
against cancer
today the chemotherapy the
radiotherapy and other treatments
medical workers intervene in this fight
in some cases of leukemia we have
use of bone marrow transplants
this method involves injecting the
sick of the marrow either after having it
taken from the patient himself either
the marrow from a donor
in the latter case the difficulty is to
find a donor whose tissues are
compatible with the receiver and well he
there is something new since
for two years is an initiative of the
national league which is the institution of
what's called and soes cancer this
organization and responds by telephone to
702 15 15 in paris every day of the
week from Monday to Friday not
to give medical advice to evil
to this is not his role at all but
you report it psychological support
and moral since 79 the specialized center
of hospital minyoz to treat 170
sick after being irradiated the
marrow and preserved by freezing to
less than 196 degrees the symptoms of the
diffuse hemorrhagic disease anemia and
great fatigue accompanied by stone
so here you just had a transplant
of allogeneic marrow that means that
it's one of your sisters who gave you
of his marrow
how do you feel
how much time have you left
the sick are isolated in bubbles
to eliminate any risk of infection
made in France these buses in summer
offered by the league committee against
the cancer
apart from the donations paid by these ten
seven thousand members
we wondered if the league was receiving
absolutely no subsidies and my
only resources are the contributions neither
gifts and senses that we find at
during the week
of cancer on one point this is only I
want to insist what distinguishes lanig
the more our association is that the
funds that are collected are used
at 90% in the department the 10%
remaining are paid to the league
national which obviously has its own
needs
in this center simulates are at the
provision of patients
there could be more if
center one of the first in France
have more money